# Brotli
This folder contains the measurement of different versions of brotli (see https://github.com/google/brotli), a file compression tool.

## Measurement

### General Information

We measured the performance (a.k.a. runtime), maximum memory usage, size of the compressed file, and the energy consumption of compressing an 'average' file generated by uiq (see http://mattmahoney.net/dc/uiq/) on a cluster (zmiy i7) with an Intel Core i7-4790 with 16 GB RAM.
The compressed file is also provided in this directory as 'toCompress.tar.gz'. Please consider decompressing the file before using it.

### Repetitions

We have repeated the measurement of each configuration 5 times.
The measurement of the configuration was restarted when the relative standard deviation of the performance exceeded 10%. **The standard deviation of the energy consumption was ignored. However, each version contains a ```repeat.map``` file, which contains the configurations whose energy consumption exceeds 10%.**

## Versions 
The benchmarked releases of brotli were:
  * 0.3.0
  * 0.4.0
  * 0.5.2
  * 0.6.0
  * 1.0.0
  * 1.0.1
  * 1.0.2
  * 1.0.3
  * 1.0.4
  * 1.0.5
  * 1.0.6
  * 1.0.7

As the program arguments differ between older releases (< 1.0.0) and newer releases, the configurations are included in two files, namely ```configs.old``` and ```configs.new```.
The lines correspond to the number in ```repeat.map```.

### V2/V3

Energy was omitted for test and decompression as the majority of configurations finished in less than 1 second.
Decompression/Test was performed on data compressed with the given WindowSize/CompressionLevel.

v2 measurements: decompression and test were encoded in new nfps(actually better for comparison)

======
### NFPS

Performance(decompressperf/testperf): Time needed to compress/decompres/test integrity in seconds.
Size: Size of the compressed file in Bytes.
Memory: Memory consumption in KB(?).
Energy: Energy consumption in Watts.